App extension public folder is in the package location and immutable to hosts and extensions (#2497)
MicrosoftDocs/winrt-api: windows.applicationmodel.appextensions/appextension_getpublicfolder_126839260.md

## -description

Gets the subfolder provided by the `PublicFolder` attribute in the app extension for sharing files between the extension and the host.

## -returns

The public sub-folder.

## -remarks

> Extensions must create this folder by populating it with files as part of their package defintion. It is read-only to both the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extensions must create this folder by populating it with files as part of their package definition. It is read-only to both the extension and its host.
```

> extension and its host.

Reviewer: Minor. Just fixing the formatting so the paragraph is all on one line.
```suggestion
```
